chore(data-warehouse): Added IP addresses for postgres (#8487)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/data-warehouse/setup.mdx

The data warehouse then starts syncing your Postgres data. You can see details and progress in the [data warehouse settings tab](https://us.posthog.com/data-warehouse/settings).

> We use a set of IP addresses to access your Postgres instance. Add the IPs to your inbound security rules to allow the data import:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Inbound IP addresses

We use a set of IP addresses to access your Postgres instance. To ensure this connector works, add these IPs to your inbound security rules to enable the data import:
```
